Listed in intended order of implementation.
    
    Mechanical Power:
        
        Mechanical power was intended to be a secondary power system for some of the physical heavy lifting in Embers. It was intended to have more
        mundane yet varied power generation to offer more versatility in the early game. Old functionalities would be moved over to use the system,
        while new ones would be introduced. Embers at the moment is not wholly internally automatable -- I wanted to introduce some more standard
        machines to change that.
    
        Axles:
            Axles aligned in the same direction spin together.
            Power level is the same for the whole axle.
        Gearboxes:
            Require a gear for each functioning face, have an input face.
            Will take in power from input face, redirect it or split it between axles on other faces.
        Steam Engine:
            Takes water and furnace fuel and creates mechanical power from its front face.
        Fluid Pump:
            Two blocks tall.
            Bottom block receives mechanical power, top block has a fluid tank.
            When the bottom is powered, the pump will pick up fluids from the world into its internal tank.
            Fluid can then be piped out of the top.
        Mechanical Ember Bore:
            The new bore would take mechanical power exclusively.
            The early game setup would be the same but with extra steps. Still Coal -> Ember at bedrock but this time you need a Steam Engine and axles.
            Bore speed would increase as mechanical power increased.
            The bore also harvests new products: In addition to the simple shard and crystal, the bore can also dig up resources like redstone or
            gunpowder, or a new Ember Grit material which can be used as a furnace fuel, or for Ember power using an upgraded Activator.
        Mechanical Ember Refinery:
            The new refinery would be a larger multiblock than any previous ones.
            There would only be one -- no more Activator, Pressure Refinery, and Ignem Reactor.
            The refinery would take mechanical power and speed up its processing rate as mechanical power fed to it increased.
        Ignem Reactor:
            Would have a new, mechanical, larger model.
            Would take special catalyst items along with Ember to produce mechanical power.
            Similar tiering mechanic -- gunpowder would be weakest, nether brick better, blaze powder best. Maybe with more tiers though.
            Cheaper than existing Ignem Reactor in fuel costs, probably between two and four times as good as the Steam Engine.
        Brewery Still:
            Would take wheat and water to make Ale, a new fluid.
            Fermentation would happen naturally over time, slowly -- maybe 1mB/t.
            Ember could be added to speed fermentation by a factor of 5.
        Underburner Engine:
            Would take burnable fuels and produce mechanical power.
            Within the mod, this is basically an Ale generator.
            Could potentially support other modded fuels like Diesel, Biodiesel, or Fuel.
        Bottling Machine:
            Takes Ale fluid, a small amount of mechanical power, bottles, and potentially several other items.
            Can be used to craft special brews, or simply bottle ale.
            Ale on its own could be drank to give +20% damage dealt and +20% damage taken, stacking up to 5x, with a chance of a few seconds of nausea.
            Other items could be added to make the ale give special effects:
                Nether wart - small healing effect at the expense of hunger.
                Blaze powder - fire aspect and extra fire damage dealt to enemies at the cost of occasionally being set on fire while the effect is 
                active.
                Ghast tear - gain a small health buffer with each kill.
                Glowstone dust - nearby creatures are highlighted with particles visible through walls.
                Redstone dust - gain a boost in speed, maybe also take extra knockback, though the latter may be hard to implement.
        Spinning Blade:
            Large spinning metal blade. Requires mechanical power to run.
            Would break crops at their full growth state, hurt creatures in its radius.
            5x5 area of effect.
        Changed Stamper:
            Would require mechanical power, not Ember.
    
    Improved Automation:
    
        Embers automation is very unintuitive, and this was a cause of great stress for me. I had some ideas for how to address it but they would have
        taken a very long time to implement.
        
        Tinker's Goggles:
            Looking at a machine with these on will show the different parts that are accessible from each face. For example, you could look at the
            base of a Mixer and see that each one connects to a different fluid tank. This would be displayed through a special render like Botania's
            monocle thing.
        General Changes -- new capability!:
            All machines would have a new capability adding support for "modules". I never figured out quite how I wanted to implement the capability
            itself but had loose ideas about what it could be used for. This system would be used to both make automation a little more visible and
            intuitive while also allowing for things like machine upgrades.
        New Mechanical Core:
            Instead of the Mechanical Core and Machine Accessors, there would just be Mechanical Cores, now able to point in a direction. Placing one
            on top of an Ember bore, for example, would visibly display it pointing down, with some difference between its top and bottom parts of its
            model.
            Mechanical cores can proxy the capabilities of a machine two blocks away from the actual machine, and you can use a lot of them! You could
            place one at the center and then have two others branching off it in two different directions, all pointing towards the same core tile.
        Caches:
            Can be attached to the sides of machines.
            Can be set to input or output mode with hammer.
            Input caches will input their contents if possible into the tile, while output caches will pull from the tile's outputs if they can.
            They come in several varieties:
                Item Cache:
                    Handles items.
                    Internal buffer of one slot (1 stack).
                Fluid Cache:
                    Handles fluids.
                    Internal buffer of 1000mB
                Ember Cache:
                    Handles ember.
                    Internal buffer of 2000 ember.
                Cog:
                    Handles mechanical power -- maybe not necessary?
                    Mechanical power is only a power level -- there is no quantity to store, so these would just be a form of IO block.
        Overclocked Mechanism:
            Take mechanical power to function.
            Can increase the speed of an attached machine by 150%.
            Two can be attached per machine.
            Attached to an Ember Refinery, each one will increase the activated Ember yield by 50%.
        Catalytic Plug:
            Takes Alchemic Slurry to function, not too much though -- 1 mB/t maybe.
            Can increase the speed of an attached machine by 200%.
            Two can be attached per machine.
            Between this and the Overclocked Mechanisms, a max of 8x speed would be achievable, though at high cost and being tricky to automate.
        Clockwork Arcana:
            Gated after Wildfire Core.
            Slowly drains a Transmutation Stone when in function.
            Gives any Ember-related machine a special unique ability:
                Melter -- 3x ore multiplication.
                Cinder Plinth -- two ash per item, rare chance of certain other raw items like coal, charcoal, gunpowder, clay, or metal nuggets.
                Inferno Forge -- items always go up a level no matter how many ember crystals you add.
                Mixer -- 1.5x yield on some alloy recipes (configurable whether or not this applies to just Dawnstone or mod compat alloys as well)
                Brewery Still -- Produces Umber Ale, a strange concoction that will provide stronger effects than normal ale, and also burn for more
                power.
                Pyromantic Artillery -- special effects on fired projectiles. Red particles, some armor piercing damage, boosted damage.
                Chain-loaded Artillery -- bullets fired have special red trails and home in on enemies.
                Ember Refinery -- Allows the refining of less bright Ember products, increases yield by 200%.
                Ember Injector -- Gives a chance for the Crystal seed to output an ingot instead of a nugget.
        Pyromantic Artillery:
            Not automation related, just a new machine.
            Turret made of Dawnstone and Silver.
            Takes Ember and will fire Ember projectiles at targets.
        Chain-loaded Artillery:
            Not automation related, just a new machine.
            Turret made of Dawnstone and Copper.
            Takes Ember and Bullets and will fire bullets at targets.
            More damaging and longer-ranged than Pyromantic Artillery.
            Bullets must be crafted:
                New stamper press -- bullet.
                1 ingot's worth of molten metal = 4 bullets.
            Different metals do different damage. Lead is highest.
        Artifice Cards:
            Small caminite tablets used to give Artillery target rules.
            Monster card: targets monsters.
            Animal card: targets animals.
            Player card: targets all players besides the one that last gave it a card.        
    
    Enhanced Alchemy:
           
        Embers' alchemy system was originally inspired by my first mod ever, Arcane Arts -- or even one of its early 1.7 predecessors. I've always
        liked the idea of having to discover recipes that vary based on the world. You can create banks of knowledge on servers for other players
        to have an easier time, or on your own it really makes you feel like an alchemist or scientist fiddling with some strange concoction. I think
        the system works okay, but it's definitely far from good. The pedestals are basically impossible to automate, and the beam cannon is a stupid
        cumbersome piece of garbage. Something different was definitely needed, and I had some ideas for how to improve it while simultaneously doing
        some fleshing out of Embers' magical side.
    
        Alchemic Slurry:
            Made by melting redstone. 144mB per dust. Wouldn't have compat with other molten redstones.
        Transmutation Stones:
            Small red crystals with alchemical power.
            They come in tiers:
                Dim - crafted at a Stamper with quartz and 576mB of Alchemic Slurry.
                Glowing - crafted with an alchemy recipe using some redstone, gunpowder, and quartz.
                Shining - crafted with an alchemy recipe using the previous tier along with gunpowder, blaze powder, and a redstone block.
                Perfect - crafted with an alchemy recipe using the previous tier along with glowstone, mithril nuggets, and a redstone block.
            Each tier has more durability than the last. Durability is used up through various operations.
            At lowest durability, stones will look a little dull, but will not break.
        Spark Recharger:
            Takes Ember and Alchemic Slurry to repair Transmutation Stones.
        Transform Ray:
            Replaces the Beam Cannon.
            Points along any of the XYZ axes. Can't be arbitrarily targeted like the Beam Cannon.
            Takes Ember and a Transmutation Stone.
            On a redstone pulse it will fire a beam in the direction it's pointing, using up a use of the Transmutation stone along with some Ember.
            Used to initiate Alchemy.
        Skycall Antenna:
            Takes Ember and a Transmutation Stone.
            Will charge up slowly. At max charge it will call down a lightning strike where it is.
            Essential for producing Fulgurites.
        Fulgurites:
            New red and yellow crystalline item.
            Used to create various powerful items or FE-related blocks.
            Created when lightning strikes sand.
        Ember Solenoid:
            Requires fulgurites.
            Takes Ember and transmutes it into FE. Up to 5 ember a tick, equalling 100 FE/t.
        Red Field Emitter:
            Requires fulgurites.
            Takes FE and distributes it to all nearby FE containers.
            9x9x9 AoE.
        Red Field Conduit:
            Requires fulgurites.
            Conduits can be linked together with the Tinker Hammer and will send FE through their network wirelessly.
        Energetic Wand:
            Crafted using fulgurites and a Transmutation Stone.
            Can cast one of four spells:
                Bolt -- fires a orange-red lightning bolt ahead, like a Shock Focus but longer range and without homing and with chaining by default.
                Missile -- fires a orange-red projectile directly ahead. Does not home in, creates a large AoE of damage on striking a block.
                Seekers -- fires an array of small red projectiles. Home in on enemies slightly, do not do very much damage.
                Orb -- conjures a floating red orb that fires small bolts at all nearby enemies within a radius.
            On a melee hit, will deal an explosive attack that knocks everything, including the player, away.
            The spell it casts changes randomly when it is used, or definitely when it is used to strike a mob.
            Has durability and power based on the Transmutation Stone used to craft it.
        Energetic Staff:
            Crafted using fulgurites, a Transmutation Stone, and a Wildfire Core.
            Basically the same as the Energetic Wand, but with a few key differences:
                Less volatile, which means less powerful. Its attacks are 80% the strength of the Energetic Wand's.
                The Staff does not randomly change spells when used, only when used to strike something.
                The Staff's melee attack is less damaging but does not blast back the player or other mobs. It is more focused and highly damaging.
                The Staff has innate melee attack damage unlike the wand which relies wholly on the chaotic blast it creates.
        Metallurgic Dust:
            Can be crafted through an alchemic process, involves Ember Grit and Redstone.
            Right-click on any ore, and it will transmute that entire vein of ore to another one.
            But be careful! Using too many will cause some of the ore to turn to gravel or stone.
        Repeller:
            Crafted using a Transmutation Stone.
            Creates a red field around you that reduces damage, especially from magical or energetic attacks.
            Drains the stone's power while active.
    
    Mithril:
    
        One of the biggest issues I had with Embers was how weak it was. It rarely ever saw serious use in most packs because nearly everything
        will beat it in nearly every field. Mithril was my plan for more "endgame" content. I think it would have been really cool but first I would
        have had to get through all the other content, which was just a huge burden.
    
        New structures:
            Larger underground dungeons.
            Loot boxes:
                Old ancient stone and caminite crates. Can have copper, iron, dawnstone, or mithril caps to denote tier:
                    Copper tier -- wood, stone, copper, tin, gunpowder, redstone, ember shards.
                    Iron tier -- any mundane metal, redstone, lapis, ember crystals.
                    Dawnstone tier -- dawnstone, any mundane metal, lapis, ember crystals, diamonds, emeralds.
                    Mithril tier -- diamonds, gold, emeralds, ender pearls, and mithril nuggets.
            Protected by larger golems:
                40 hearts, bulkier.
                Shoot larger projectiles that do AoE damage but they need to charge up first, and they slow movement as they do so.
                Have various metal plates of iron or copper or dawnstone.
        Mithril Forging:
            Obtain Mithril through looting.
            Mithril cannot be crafted together. You must melt it in a Melter with the Clockwork Arcana attached, then stamp it into shapes.
        Mithril Crystal Seed:
            Requires the highest tier Transmutation Stone.
            The only way to grow more Mithril without looting it.
        Mithril Weapons:
            Obtained through alchemical processes of the highest degree.
            Extremely powerful, all with special models.
            Not particularly unique in functionality, but very strong.
            All have something like 4300 durability and naturally regenerate at the expense of a little bit of hunger.
            All tools deal half their attack damage as void damage.
            Mithril Sword -- 15 base damage. Attacking will fire a bolt of lighting ahead of you.
            Mithril Axe -- 21 base damage. Breaking a wood block will create a small sparking orb that travels through wood blocks and shatters them.
            Mithril Pickaxe -- 13 base damage. Breaking a block will create a small sparking orb that mines veins of ore.
            Mithril Shovel -- 12 base damage. Breaking a block will create a small area that quickly mines itself out.
            Mithril Hoe -- 9 base damage. It's a hoe.
        Mithril Armor:
            Obtained through alchemical processes of the highest degree.
            Extremely powerful, all with special models.
            24 armor for the whole set, 12 armor toughness total.
            Every time Mithril armor is struck with an attack, it hardens against it. Each piece will block 1/16th of the damage per hit. For example,
            if you're wearing a full set of Mithril Armor, per hit your armor is reducing damage to 75%. If you are hit three times, the fourth hit
            will deal 75% of 75% of 75% of full damage, or a little over 42%. This is before any armor calculations whatsoever.
        A Price For Everything:
            Mithril Armor or Tools will cause problems for you. Over time, they will start to poison you and cause you great harm. Small bits of
            Mithril or keeping items in your inventory is fine -- but the equipment itself will cause issues when equipped.
            As your poisoning builds up, you will get increasingly frequent poisoning effects (not the potion, this is unblockable), blindness, blurred
            vision, or bouts of nausea. Eventually, you may start to get extremely fast poisoning and come to the brink of death (or perhaps to death,
            if you're on hard mode and you have Mithril poisoning draining your health and hunger).
            Basically, Mithril is extremely powerful, but you don't want to use it all the time. Keep it for specific tasks and take breaks.
        Metallic Introspector:
            A small handheld gauge that will display how bad your Mithril poisoning is. Requires only one Mithril nugget to craft.
        Mithril augments:
            Mithril can be used to produce a variety of different augments for tools and weapons:
                Imperial Plating:
                    Mithril armor augment.
                    Adds 10% damage reduction per level to all damage sources.
                Vorpal Edges:
                    Mithril tool augment.
                    Adds 3/4 heart armor piercing damage per level, increases mining speed against blocks with a lower mining level.
    
    Miscellaneous additional features:
    
        There was a ton of Embers that was just never very fleshed out. Overwhelmingly the biggest comment on the mod I got (besides the whole "backport
        to 1.10" crowd) was that the mod felt unfinished, and people were "excited to see it expand". Never really got there, did it. Not being
        fleshed out was not for lack of ideas though.
    
        Block Placer:
            Places blocks. Can be toggled with redstone.
        Advanced Placer:
            Places blocks in a line. Can only place in a line as long as the ground below is composed of the same block. Max range of 9.
        Advanced Breaker:
            Breaks blocks in a line. Can only break in a line as long as the broken line is composed of the same block. Max range of 9.
        Baubles Support:
            Ember Ring -- 10% reduction in Ember cost for Ember-using items.
            Ember Amulet -- 15% reduction in Ember cost for Ember-using items.
            Ember Belt -- 25% reduction in Ember cost for Ember-using items.
            Crystal Lenses (HEAD) -- Reduce all fog effects massively.
            Climber's Belt (BELT) -- Climb sides of blocks.
            Explosion Charm (CHARM) -- Cancel explosions nearby, 5 second cooldown.
            Dawnstone Mail (CHEST) -- Blocks knockback.
            Amulet of the Heretic (AMULET) -- Blocks magic damage.
            Glimmer Charm (CHARM) -- Place a glimmer whenever you are in low light.
            Ashen Amulet (AMULET) -- Reduce all mob and block drops to ash.
            Rocket Booster (BELT) -- Jump in midair to boost upwards. (if you've played Cave Story, think Booster v0.8. v2.0 would be a secret recipe)
            Radiant Crown (HEAD) -- Anything that looks at you catches on fire.
            Mantle Bulb (TRINKET) -- 1000 Ember capacity. Like a mantle jar but for any bauble slot.
        Additional Augments:
            Spark Plug -- Tool augment, 15% chance to stun a mob for a second per level on hit.
            Winding Gears -- Tool augment, right-click the air with a tool to wind it up, then get up to 2x mining and attacking speed while it winds 
            down.
            Phantom Cloth -- Armor augment, do not collide with living entities, player renders somewhat invisible based on augment level.
            Shifting Scales -- Armor augment, gain two hearts of extra protection per level that are regenerated by standing still and not being
            attacked.
            Core Stone -- Armor augment, mends armor slowly when underground, the deeper the faster.
            Smoke Bomb -- Armor augment, entities that strike you get blinded by smoke for 2 seconds per level.
            Shoe Springs -- Armor augment, adds a simple jump boost that increases with level.
        Augment Changes:
            Instead of armor augments taking the maximum augment level from all pieces, they take the combined level of all pieces, capped at 5.
            Augmented items show their maximum augment slots and the number of those slots that are taken.
            Armor augment tooltips show the augment levels for the full set, not the individual item.